It rained. It rained all day. It rained all night.It rained and rained and would not stop. It rained for three days. The water was everywhere. Close to the city, There was a fish pond. It was ==full of（充满） ==fish. The rain filled the pond with water. The water ==rose（rise的过去式，过去分词是risen，v.增加;升高;起身）== higher and higher. Then the walls of the fish pond broke. 
The water ==rushed out of（冲出；匆忙离开，迅速离开某个地方）== the pond. The fish rushed out of the pond too. They ==spilled（v.洒出，溢出，泼出/n.洒出量，溢出量）== ==into（prep.到...里面）== the streets nearby. There was almost ==half a metre（半米）== of  water in the streets. 
"Look, There are fish in the street", a young girl ==exclaimed（v.惊呼，惊叫，大声说）==. "I can see them swimming right here in our street!". Kids from the ==neighborhood(附近；街坊；接近；街区)== got their fishing ==poles（n.杆；柱）==. They put on their raincoats and their boots. They went out and started to fish.
"Hey", ==shouted（v.呼喊；呼叫；大声说）== a boy. "I have a fish. I caught a fish! ". The fish were everywhere.  Some kids caught fish. Others ==had fun trying（have fun doing 尽情做某事）== to catch one.  Parents came out to help them. The street becomes busy and noisy. It was filled with laughter.  Everyone was having a good time. 
It stoped rainning after a while. The owner of the fish pond fixed the ==hole（n.洞，坑；裂口，开口；）==. ==People heard on the radio where the fish had come from（人们从收音机里听到了鱼是从哪里来的）==. They helpd the owner collect the fish and put them back into the pond. 
The street was just a normal street again. 
But the children said, "We will never forget this day. The day we fished in the street!. It was the best day ever!"